Intentions are not expectations
La gravité fera le reste
Tell them it's absolutely safe
I can see all the colors now
Where are we with all the stuff we said?
On ne sépare pas les gens qui ont la même odeur
Do you remember when you got people lifted off the ground?
Words are meaningless. And forgettable.
Didn’t we shine?
Where do we go from here?
La beauté est une putain, je préfère l’argent
On laisse tous une chaussure dans le frigo de quelqu’un
Atmen nicht vergessen
How many waves are there in the ocean?
Les silences comptent aussi
The map is not the territory
All the words are true
Remember everything and think of nothing new
This is the new definition of the past
50% of the time it works all the time
It's Saturday, right?
Almost none of what you see is real
The road becomes what you leave
La terre tourne un peu plus vite que ce que tu crois
It's like feeling hugged by the sun
It’s like feeling at home in the universe
Sometimes things just move together
The best part isn’t even my favorite part
Earth has been silent much too long
In your dreams, I’ve seen my face
Comment on fait quand on n’aime pas ce qu’on désire ?
C’est comme avoir peur du passé
I never really believed in reality
Sometimes crashing into a wall opens new doors
It's like being buried into the sky
You can invent a new religion if you want
Le club des vivants est un club élitiste
Even if nothing happened lately, I feel like a lot has changed
It’s like falling in love on a break up song
Truth fits my narrative
J’ai du sable dans mes Blundstones
I’m not smart, I’m paranoid
What are sparks made of?
If you’re not acting on your believes, then they probably aren’t real
Nothing is lost until you loose a friend
I have memories from the XXth century
Time is never redeemed
You can not get blood out of a stone
Autant que les oiseaux aiment l'air
Far between
C'est comme avoir un cœur en origami
C'est comme tendre un miroir vers le ciel
Rêve is dead
I rave therefore I am
Aimer c’est décevoir un peu
The world is your canvas
Failures build your sense of humour
Je ne suis pas un ingrédient
C'est comme un arc-de-ciel
Do potatoes potate?
C'est comme avoir le cœur sur la main
Quand fondra la neige, où ira le blanc ?
It only gets better from here
Committed to the cause
J'décélère un peu pour centrer
Will I see you again?
The world is your oyster
